I mean obviously we don't see him that
way right user these are a little little
Eugene yeah well LCS is starting to wrap
up it is the second day of week eight
and I'm joined right now by some very
special people with coverage presented
by Omni slash so right now I'm actually
joined by Philip and Vicky who are whole
belters parents as well as Yuri his
sister who's maybe gonna help us
translate we'll find out so first off
Philip Eugene has been playing League of
Legends for so long
I remember watching him and interviewing
him when he was very very young yeah so
many and what is it like for you seeing
him playing way back in the day to now
well it was the hobby in the beginning
and now it's his job right now so that's
the big thing change Vicky when I
interview League parents players I
always ask what was it like when they
decided to become a professional gamer
because a lot of parents are they say oh
that's you need to go to college you
need to do something else
what was it like for you guys seeing
Eugene decided he wanted to play League
of Legends professionally yeah yeah
first time I'm really worried about it
but now you know in Korea the gamer is a
really popular job every teenager they
want to be here you know the gamer their
future job is if the gamer so I'm not
worried about it yeah how many events
have you been able to go to because I've
seen you at LCS before have you seen him
on any of the big stages the one in when
he was in the CLG yes
well we didn't go there but you know we
watch the game you know all the way so
my parents actually watch every single
LCS game like not even just my brothers
games they watched literally every
single one so they know what's going on
like this next game they're you know
they're like oh if this team loses then
like you know event or activity kind of
way you're not yes
so with it's funny because a lot of
people know about ex Smithy's dad and ex
myth these dad is maybe a bigger fan of
doublelift than he is of xmithie are you
guys besides Eugene and pole-vaulter do
you cheer for any other players or and
do you have any other players you like
in the league
fakers very popular yes probably
everyone in my son's team you know
member you know all the double-dipped
yeah and what is it like for you because
it's always very dramatic when a player
leaves a team and goes to a different
team so when he goes from you know CLG
to Immortals or immortal so Team Liquid
do you ever get nervous is that weird
for you whenever he's what makes these
big changes yeah our mentality for you
know one kind of organization we go all
the way until you know kind of certain
period yeah but this is supposed to
change it a lot I think so fastly so I'm
not used to that so I think Eugene
whenever they I mean he has to move
around to other team maybe he doesn't he
doesn't feel you know comfortable about
that too many pressure was stress I
think do you talk to him because Eugene
like has had really good moments and
also he's been on teams where like they
struggle for a while do you do either of
you talked to him whenever he's sad or
down because
the team is not doing well well last
week I texted him you know keep your
mind always coming solid no matter you
win or lose well no matter you got a you
know praise plane just keep yourself
income for your good mentality I think
he maybe understood what I meant yeah
yeah my dad posts like inspirational
quotes and things like that in his
bedroom as well there's one I think he
quotes himself in one of them do you
remember the quote at back
oh he quoted himself I see okay very
good very good and Urey what has it been
like for you to see because you're much
closer to Eugene's age and you I think
are very interested and gaming as well
as I know just we've talked before so
what's it like for you to have like
superstar pobelter in the family I mean
obviously we don't see him that way
right user these are a little little
Eugene yeah so I don't think I think the
thing that's been great for us is that
we haven't really seen it get to him in
a lot of ways that it'll get to just
like child celebrities in general not to
say he's a child anymore but he started
really young right but yeah he's just
been very humble about the whole
experience and he loves doing this right
and we're just happy he found something
he likes doing after at the end here
maybe I can ask you guys what would you
like to see Eugene do after he's done
playing as a professional player because
many fans always wonder what would the
pro player do if they weren't competing
so do you have any ideas on what you'd
like to see Eugene do after he's maybe
done
well eventually I think he will go back
to college I don't know when maybe
another five years then maybe he will
know what he's gonna learn more then he
will go you know take his major so yeah
but I'll be open to his decision and
choice
yeah I think we've also talked about
like with the skillset that he's
developed as a pro player if there's
another profession there that he can
follow you know that might actually work
out even better than having to go back
to school so my parents have been very
flexible with all of that and very
supportive is there anything that any of
the three of you would like to say to
any of you jeans fans because I'm sure
they'll watch this video so anything
that any of you guys would like to say
to the people that support him yeah
please support him until at least one
time in his life winning the World
Championship very good thank you thank
you all so much for for the interview I
really appreciate I'm sure fans love to
see the families that come and support
their phret their family and the people
playing so it's really nice of you so
thank you so much for everyone else you
can check out the rest of my coverage of
all things eSports right here on my
youtube channel yes Peter yes the
money's in your account I know yes the
whole 20k yes where I realize yeah okay
I'll talk listen I need you to subscribe
to this YouTube channel costs of
production are going up dramatically
I can't get into specifics because I'm
down under an NDA that a pro player made
me sign but the costs are pretty high so
thank you so much to Omni slash for
making this happen and please subscribe
because it's it's getting tough